[Music]
welcome to final destination 3 let's get
to it
we open on an amusement park at night
and are treated to an inside-out tour of
Zoltar who currently dealing with mostly
grown individuals decides to work his
magic in Reverse by shoving them toward
death
this is analogized by an overly
weathered CGI ball that lets us know
we're planted firmly in the mid-2000s we
find out this is a graduation night
celebration for the seniors of McKinley
High as we meet our main cluster of
protagonists Wendy
Kevin Jason and Carrie Wendy has come
armed with the school's point-and-shoot
collecting photos for the yearbook which
Kevin also uses as a tool for casual
sexual assaults let's hope he evens
himself out before smartphones become
ubiquitous they worked their way across
the grounds meeting various other
important characters along the way like
Wendy's sister Julie and Lewis the
meathead they eventually arrived at the
focus of the opening death sequence for
this film the demon death coaster voiced
by Tony Todd and his only cameo
appearance for this installment oh
that's it wendy is not unlike several of
the characters we've seen before
constantly unnerved by the things going
on around her upset by small details
like this loose kurtter but unable to
piece any of it together in time to
stave off disaster which unfolds in
grand form in this entry
z of course this is just a lucid dream
is when D comes to and freaks out
causing our group of doomed protagonists
get off the devil's coaster all but
Jason unfortunately it makes a flaccid
attempt at release but this uncaring
carnie declines to let him off for
reasons unknown I mean you already have
his money what's the harm
consequently the harm in remaining is
soon apparent to all like most Moody
morning teens Wendy takes a morose walk
in the rain to get up in her feelings
kevin intent on keeping his promise to
jason tries to make friends I made a
promise to Jay that I would take care of
but she's not having it luckily before
she can drive off he's able to drive the
plot forward by talking to her about his
Google research flight Oliver no need to
restart from scratch am i right
Wendy goes home and almost has a moment
of character development that she comes
to terms with her sister before
selfishly pulling that rug right back
out sorry the battery's totally dead
camera's not working I'm sorry Julie I
need a minute okay you little liar she
got that breeze and realized her
carnival photography contains portents
of death that require further attention
she starts by zooming in to a degree
that greatly exceeds the capabilities of
the camera but provides her a hint of
the possible deaths of Ashley and Ashley
which is actually happening at that
moment we are then treated to two of the
series favorite pastimes memorializing
dead teens and referring back to details
from prior films as were confronted by a
familiar song of sadness and longing
[Music]
afterward Wendy and Kevin meet up in the
cemetery to talk and death reveals
itself to her again and like a t-rex
apparently however Kevin pulls a classic
role reversal card and refuses to
believe his own theory
Wendy supports her idea with the
addition of photographic evidence
showing that not only are there science
to follow but that the final outcome is
also indicated in the carnival pictures
they try to ascertain the method by
which Frankie eats it not realizing that
they are actively living it are you okay
not anymore they continue their quest
while being berated by teen cynicism as
McKinlay rip slumber after the store is
closed for some reason and they're
treated to an explicit taunt from death
wherein Wendy manages to save him but
not her what were you saying as the
characters now converge on the town's
try Centennial but we get indications
that it's going down this do sure starts
it off with a firecracker near some
horses Kevin was previously trying to
save Julie but just like the ambiguous
signs we find that Wendy repeatedly
reads the wrong pictures as an
unforeseen consequence the horse wraps a
rope around Julie's neck and starts
tugging but Kevin's able to set her free
despite this she definitely has several
weeks of Cairo therapy ahead of her her
friends not so lucky and then Kevin
nearly kebabs his face it all ends with
McKinley's dad getting smacked in half
five months later the series of
unfortunate circumstances brings the
three survivors onto the same subway car
in New York and occurs so unlikely you
can only mean one thing
death always wins or knots or so okay
not but maybe
did you miss much not really without
Tony Todd there was no real opportunity
to introduce new elements to advance the
blocks so the teens just died in order
according to deaths preference I hope
you enjoyed the video and thanks for
watching
you
[Music]